Doc-84 RP doesn't support accessing managed deployments via kubectl (#159)
redpanda-data/cloud-docs: modules/get-started/partials/no-access.adoc

> NOTE: To manage all configuration changes for a 99.99% service level agreement (SLA) on BYOC, Redpanda does not support user access to the control plane with `kubectl`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Redpanda Cloud does not support user access to the control plane with `kubectl`. This restriction allows Redpanda Data to manage all configuration changes internally to ensure a 99.99% service level agreement (SLA) for BYOC deployments.
```
